
Armori is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 2300 hectares, harbouring 4441 households and with total population of 18504 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of > 10 km. 
            
== Educational facilities ==

There are 14 Pre-primary schools in the village
There are 20 Primary schools in the village
There are 7 Middle schools in the village
There are 7 Secondary schools in the village
There are 6 Senior secondary schools in the village
There are 1 Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce in the village
The nearest Engineering colleges is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Medical colleges is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Management institutes is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnics is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training schools is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centres is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest special schools for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
There are 2 other educational institutes in the village

== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community Health centres is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.

== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

Post office facility is available in the village
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.

== Land use ==

Armori exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 152
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 41
Barren and Un-cultivable land:352
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:216
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :62
Culturable Waste Land:27
Fallow lands other than current fallows:18
Current Fallows:27
Net Area Sown:1405
Total Irrigated Land Area:639
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:766
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares): 
Canals: 517
Wells/Tube-wells: 22 
Tanks/Lakes: 100 
Water Falls: 0 
Others: 0


                  
