
Mulur Chak is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 140 hectares, harbouring 18 households and with total population of 71 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of > 10 km. 
            
== Educational facilities ==

There are 1 Pre-primary schools in the village
The nearest Primary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Middle schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Secondary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Senior secondary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Engineering colleges is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Medical colleges is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Management institutes is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnics is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training schools is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centres is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest special schools for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.


== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community Health centres is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is not available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

The nearest Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Land use ==

Mulur Chak exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 0
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 24.1
Barren and Un-cultivable land:0
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:72
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :0
Culturable Waste Land:11
Fallow lands other than current fallows:0.6
Current Fallows:0.4
Net Area Sown:31.8
Total Irrigated Land Area:65.2
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:-33.4
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares): 
Canals: 65.2
Wells/Tube-wells: 0 
Tanks/Lakes: 0 
Water Falls: 0 
Others: 0


                  
