
Nawargaon is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 47 hectares, harbouring 5 households and with total population of 20 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of > 10 km. 
            
== Educational facilities ==

The nearest Pre-primary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Primary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Middle schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Secondary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Senior secondary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Engineering colleges is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Medical colleges is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Management institutes is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnics is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training schools is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centres is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest special schools for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.


== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community Health centres is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.

== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is not available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

The nearest Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Land use ==

Nawargaon exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 0
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 5
Barren and Un-cultivable land:0
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:0
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :0
Culturable Waste Land:1
Fallow lands other than current fallows:0
Current Fallows:0
Net Area Sown:41
Total Irrigated Land Area:1
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:40
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares): 
Canals: 0
Wells/Tube-wells: 1 
Tanks/Lakes: 0 
Water Falls: 0 
Others: 0


                  
