
Rampur Tukum is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 166.8 hectares, harbouring 2 households and with total population of 10 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of 5-10 kms. 
            
== Educational facilities ==

The nearest Pre-primary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Primary schools is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Middle schools is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Secondary schools is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Senior secondary schools is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Engineering colleges is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Medical colleges is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Management institutes is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnics is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training schools is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centres is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest special schools for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.


== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community Health centres is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.

== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is not available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

The nearest Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Land use ==

Rampur Tukum exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 20.3
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 0
Barren and Un-cultivable land:19.5
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:4.2
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :2.8
Culturable Waste Land:1.4
Fallow lands other than current fallows:1
Current Fallows:1.5
Net Area Sown:116
Total Irrigated Land Area:130
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:-14
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares): 
Canals: 92.4
Wells/Tube-wells: 0 
Tanks/Lakes: 0 
Water Falls: 0 
Others: 37.7


                  
